All right, so we have seen quite
a lot and I hope you are having fun
with the comprehensions.
And now what I want you to do is
let's go ahead and work with
the dictionary as a comprehension,
which is very interesting actually.
I don't have too much
of the tricks remaining with me
in the comprehension.
Just one more.
But it will help you to understand
dictionaries like quite
in detail and quite in depth.
So I have created a new file which
I've called it as dictcompre for py.
Very innovative name.
And let's call this one as.
Okay, so how does
the dictionary actually works?
So let's just go ahead
and copy this one.
So this is my dictionary
and I want to work with this.
And the thing with the dictionary is
that you can actually
go ahead and copy this.
The set also works with the curly
braces, and dictionary also
works with the curly braces.
The only difference is how you
store the value as a final
expression, if this expression is
actually a key value pair.
So if we have a key and then a value.
So if we are storing this as
an expression, this will
be treated as dictionary.
Otherwise this is regular one.
And I'll show you one.
Really nice and a neat
example for this one.
You'll love the example.
So let's just say we go back and we
have some of the tea prices.
So let's just say tea prices.
And we have all these prices
in inr, which is Indian rupees.
And I have a dictionary.
And for this dictionary, let's
just say we have masala chai,
which is right now 40 rupees.
It will be really pennies
in the dollars.
But we'll just do that.
We also have green, chai or
green T actually sounds better.
And then we have the green T,
which will be, let's just say 50.
And then we have one more.
We'll just have three.
You can add more if you wish to have.
I'll have lemon T.
Again, favorite one.
And this is bit expensive.
Let's just say 200.
All right, now here's the thing.
I want to convert all
of these prices into dollars.
So all the prices needs
to be divided by 80.
80 rupees.
It is general average right now.
How can I do this?
I have to create a fresh dictionary.
So comprehensions comes
really handy in this case.
And we'll directly write them just
like we have learned right now.
I'll just go ahead and say, but this
time this is in USD and the way how
it works again Same just like list.
We go like that.
And first of all we keep them as
underscore because I don't know
what to fill this up here.
I'll just go ahead and say
for and then I have to loop through.
So far we have been going through
with only, one item itself.
But now we want to worry
about key as well as value.
So I have what's come back as
a return value are two things.
I'll call them as tea and price.
This is just my regular loops,
nothing fancy in this.
And I have to say
in and then tea price is inr.
This is the looping part of it.
All right, let's get
more space for us.
And then what you want to do
in this, I want to go
ahead and take, the prices.
So for this I have to actually grab
all of this value.
So if I go ahead and say just the tea
prices inr it's not going to work.
I have to say either
dot keys or dot values.
Or if I want to grab both of them,
I have a method for that.
We studied that
that is known as items.
I have to run this.
So I have got now the whole thing.
So in each of the tea prize, I get
this one in the first iteration,
this one in the second one,
and this one in the third one.
All right, got it.
But what we're going to put
this here and it hasn't.
We haven't yet divided
it back with the price.
So how we're going to get it.
So this is where
the expression comes up.
Expression is something
that you want to return.
In this case, I want
to return tea as a price.
tea and a price here.
So the way how I'm going to store
this, I'll call this one as a tea
then colon and then the price here.
So this will be exactly.
We have done nothing.
We have just looped through it, got
the value and we're storing it.
But I can do something interesting.
I can just go ahead
and divide the price 80.
So before saving the price,
now this will be evaluated.
This is an expression which will
be evaluated and you will
get all the prices in dollars.
So told you comprehension are a way
of shrinking your code.
It makes logic everything.
You just have to start reading
from the for loop always and always.
And then whatever comes back,
this is always towards the end
the expression says something
like this, for all of my
items here in the tea prices
get me back tea and prices.
This is I'm sending back
and then I'll just divide it
by 80 super easy.
But really fun.
Told you it's really fun.
And.
And in the very last I'm going
to go ahead and print
the tea prices in the USD.
Let's go ahead and grab it like this
And I will love to run Python.
Python.
And this time we are running.03.
There we go.
So I told you it's
almost like pennies.
So 0.5 which makes sense.
80.
So this is 0.5 and then we have all
of this in this and surely
you can use your backticks.
You can use your formatted strings.
Not backticks, the formatted strings.
Whatever you wish to have.
You can just go ahead and work
with this super easy.
But I hope you are now
somewhat in there between that.
Okay, I'm getting it.
I'm started to loving it
but I still need more practice
and that is totally fine.
That is totally okay.
So this was it.
This was all about your
dictionary comprehensions.
Hope you enjoyed it.
Do rate us.
Let's catch up in the next video.